well bill does an outstanding
performance yeah really good performance
Frank it's yeah we turn things around
this week and just concentrate on the
little things and you know obviously the
big plays come off that but everyone
worked really hard during the week to
play the way we did today and over and
done their job great completions the
Falls later great platform yeah you know
it's a cornerstone of any game of
football
you know the forwards go forward we
complete our sets and you know you give
yourself the best chance to win in the
game that doesn't happen every time to
put a score on like that but you know
we're pretty pleased in the way that we
we held the ball and you know laid that
foundation before we went wide couple of
quick tries there in the second half and
Craig said I didn't realize the school
on its got away pretty quickly
yeah it did you know I didn't see the
school line until halfway second half
and you know you get quite surprised
that you're up near the 50 mark so you
know you just concentrate on your role
and and the process is that that your
role is in the side and and that's all
you do sometimes yeah the school board
can get away from you either way
sometimes so now it was good that were
on the good end of it two more tries
today takes you past 150 congratulations
yeah thanks I was where I was around
that that mark but yeah the school 150
tries my career is certainly I'm
something I'm very proud of and now
hopefully I got a few more in me it's
late Ernie got a tries this play got
three today three tries ah there yeah
the boys are all behind you three tries
graduation yeah it's good to try some
good great deep performance today you
know you come up with a good read
try office it play there too it looks
like a plied the boys are enjoying in a
over the trial on yeah my like I said
it's a good great our team performance
and um especially to have someone our
enzyme like billion cooks in a couple of
a good position let's come up with a
good finish it's good you look forward
five-day turnaround taking on South's
they've been the benchmark this year
yeah and obviously you know they'll be
disappointed coming off their loss up in
Townsel you know they'll be they'll be
working really hard this week to get
things back on track and you know
obviously we're coming off a good win
we've had
period down period and you know we're
there last month five weeks has been
quite ordinary so it was good to turn it
around like that but five-day turnaround
now we've got to perform at home against
the benchmark of the competition
challenges up again this week right now
a five-day turnaround take on the
benchmarks there so that'll be a real
challenge
yeah my time today are set as a good
platform are going into next weekend and
should be good and we're looking forward
to it
you do love Thailand at your brother in
front of those Melbourne Storm fiends
yeah it's good I've got back home our
next weekend uh always pleasure to to
play I mean I saw faith and it's gonna
be a good game look at these cheeky
Blakk hit the bank they're giving you I
tell me you got get away Thanks